we played nearly six minutes yer list’ning to five live from the bee bee cee Real Madrid nil Manchester united nil here in the bernabeu (1) Alonso (.) drives it in right footed (.) deep and its headed over the crossbar
ROBBIE SAVAGE: (2) Yeh (.) I thought united (.) y’know the back four were bit too deep then for the initial free kick they started on the penalty area and drifted towards the six yard a /
ALAN GREEN: / Sergio
ROBBIE SAVAGE: /yep/
ALAN GREEN: /Ramos who got the header in
ROBBIE SAVAGE: I think they should start higher line y knowmaybe start on the edge of the penal’y area then drop back to the six yard line y’know given the (.)
the goalkeeper chance to come and geh it
ALAN GREEN: (1) the ball is played forward by Manchester United Kagawa’s onside into the penalty area and Sergio Ramos (.)
d-diverts the ball away and the goalkeeper (.) prevents a corner (.) a concedes only a throw-in (1) Sergio Ramos looked across to the assistant said (.) where was the flag/
ROBBIE SAVAGE: well I think Kagawa y’know ah think he thought it was offside too (1) y’know he didn’t react quick enough coz he was in was in on goal a one on one situation Ramos acted quick quicker seen the danger
ALAN GREEN: ah think he was half of a mind that he was offside buh ah don’t know (1) anyway (.) it was a a half a chance for Manchester United there (.) certainy very attack minded (.) both teams (1) here’s Rio Ferdinand
(1) Rio Ferdinand to the right of the centre circle forward ta Phil Jones Jones gives it ta Rooney (.)
Rooney tryin to slip ball through to Van Persie (.) intercepted by er Ramos and clear
JONATHAN AGNEW: Dernbach’s first ball tonight went for four his first over (1) went for ten (.) they’ve just released some of the pressure
(1) I think they were targeting him I think batsmen around the world you know are (.) starting to target him (indecipherable noise) Dernbach’s in the attack let’s go (1) let’s release the horses (2) Dernbach bowls to Elliott plays a little dab uppercut down towards third man he could be caught he is (.)
Finn coming round takes the catch (1) he had to be sharp he had to be alive to it and he was (.)
he had ground to make to‘is left hand side (1) Elliott was looking to play it down there in the air (.) but he didn’t quite get it right
(1) he guided it too close to Finn (.) he took a good catch (.) and that is the fourth wicket to go down (.)
New Zealand are ninety-five for four (.) in the fifteenth over
DEREK PRINGLE: well (.) Jade Dernbach’s first two balls the spell real risk reward stuff (.) outside off stump (.) probably not the line that his captain would advocate-er (.) in the tee twenty at this stage but-er (.)
y’know he drew Elliott into er an uppercut (.) er shot and er didn’t quite get in the right pos-place and Finn was alert to the danger an an took a (.) a good catch (.) coming in from third man
JONATHAN AGNEW: (2) would you have taken that one
DEREK PRINGLE: (taking mock offence) (2) why on earth not good pair of hands
JONATHAN AGNEW: (laughing) heh heh heh
DEREK PRINGLE: (laughing) ha ha ha
JONATHAN AGNEW: both big units aren’t you and (1) Finn’s very good in the field
DEREK PRINGLE: perhaps might not have got there as quickly as Finn these days bu/
JONATHAN AGNEW: /you might you might then/(indecipherable)
DEREK PRINGLE: /(indecipherable) in my pomp I’d’ve caught that no problem
M: Strupar is placing the ball, I think he’s the man hoping to strike it, he’s having a word with his captain Wilmots
A: Well you don’t usually take out a striker out of the penalty for a free-kick round about here if he ain’t going to hit it.
M: Well he hasn’t hit it very well, second time
A: Good ball though
M: Not sure who he was aiming for but Deflandre makes it awkward for England and in particular Southgate.
Back from Tanghe and here’s Van Kerkhoven and Strupar is in there again. Touch from Lampard was of an accurate nature
(3) Guppy and it was a good idea to steer it forward quickly into the path of Phillips, Deflandre just able to lean across and divert it out for an England throw.
(4) Guppy and Peeters is the man who expects a cross but he doesn’t get one that time, he was forced infield.
The delivery though comes from Dyer or he shaped for it (4) cleared by Van Meir
(5) Belgium were slow to push out that time (3) freekick given against Shearer, twenty-eight international goals now, as I say only five England players have ever reached the thirty mark or more.
Bobby Charlton leading the way fortynine, Gary Lineker forty-eight, Jimmy Greaves forty-four and two on thirty, Tom Finney and Nat Lofthouse so er
A: Thirty goals is definitely gettable, whether he’ll ever get in the top trio
M: Well he was asked that this week and of course it is rightly an ambition, but he’s got to maintain his position what for four or five years one would have thought.
Shearer, it’s Phillips
Joe: It's the most popular game on Earth. From kids playing in the street to professional players in huge stadiums, more people play and watch this game than any other.
And now football, or soccer, is more popular than ever among British girls and women. There are more than 5,000 girls’ youth teams registered in England.
I'm here to meet some of the rising stars of Tottenham Hotspur, also known as Spurs, here in London.
We're just a few minutes down the road from the famous White Hart Lane soccer stadium.
Spurs Football Club was set up more than 130 years ago. It's now one of the most famous clubs in the world, playing in the English Premier League.
Women's teams have been playing at Spurs since the 1980s.
These players are the Spurs Ladies Academy Team, and if any of them are good enough …
[Joe: I'm rubbish at this]
… they could progress to the Spurs Women's First Team.
Footballer 1: What I really like about football is the competitive side, wanting to win games …
Footballer 2: I just enjoy the competition, the atmosphere …
Footballer 3: … not being discriminated because of your sex …
Footballer 4: Like, you're with all your friends playing football, you're all doing the same thing that you love. I think it's really fun, actually.
Joe: Today we're following Kitty as she trains for a big match.
how did you get into football?
I've been playing football since I was 9. I started playing in a park and got picked up by a coach. And now I've moved up to Tottenham Hotspur.
Joe: Are you treated any differently to the boys that play football?
No, not at all. We get a lot of support and the same standard of coaching.
Joe: The girls' team coach is Karen Hills.
Karen: Over the last 20 years, football for ladies in this country has changed dramatically.
When I was playing, there wasn't many opportunities within schools. There’s many teams that cater for girls' football.
There are leagues set up, there's a structure in place from playing all the way up to Senior England Ladies football.
Joe: It's now several weeks later and time to put all that training into practice.
Spurs Ladies Academy are playing Barking Abbey in the British Colleges League - Division One. It's a big match for Kitty, so how's she feeling?
Today's going to be really competitive.
There are two good sides who are pretty familiar with each other.
So I'm feeling quite nervous about the game today.
Joe: The teams are pretty evenly matched, but five minutes into the game, Spurs go one-nil up, and it's who scores!
Barking quickly hit back with a goal of their own. Just before half time, Spurs score a second goal. And then, in the second half, Kitty has a chance to make it three-one.
The final score is three-two and team have won.
Joe: So, not only did your team win but you scored two of the goals. How does that feel?
Full time. Chester FC 0-0 Brackley. A really entertaining second half, but the Blues are unable to get the win that they needed to take their playoff push to the final day.
Huge chance for the Blues, George Green cuts inside and curls one to the far corner, pushed out by Danny Lewis and it falls to Howson but he can't connect and the offside flag is raised as it breaks to Dudley.
Yellow card for Shenton as he's beaten to the ball by Sterling-James.
Final added time will be a minimum of four minutes.
Gareth Dean goes into the book for stopping Dudley on the counter attack.
Lee Ndlovu has missed some chances, this one as the ball is flicked on to him and he gets the wrong side of Grand, but his effort almost hits the clock!
Second Brackley substitution as Omari Sterling-James replaces Adam Walker.
Sponsors man of the match goes to Gary Roberts.
George Green's free kick is headed behind for a corner. McKenna goes over to take. Howson meets it, but can't head it goalwards and Brackley break.
Another Brackley corner, as Waters blocks a cross. Byrne over to take. It falls to Connor Hall in the box but George Waring blocks it and Shenton gathers the rebound.
James Armson with another chance for the visitors, this time from a cross on the right side, he can't find the top corner.
First Brackley change as Luke Fairlamb replaces Carl Baker.
First corner of the Blues after some really good play by Waters, beating his man and finding McKenna. Green takes, Brackley can't clear it before Ndlovu brings it away on the counter attack.
Howson wins the ball back, played back to him, it sits up nicely, thirty yards out, he makes good contact but it's well wide.
Brackley force another corner as Ndlovu's header down is cleared out. Taken by Byrne, back in and Ndlovu heads over this time.
Triple change for the Blues. On come Anthony Dudley, Ben McKenna and George Green, replacing Iwan Murray, Jamal Crawford and Craig Mahon.
First corner of the second half goes to the visitors, it's over Dean and the referee blows for a free kick anyway.
Brackley get the game underway for the second half. No changes for either side at the break.
Nothing to separate the two sides on the scoreboard at the break, Brackley have had the better chances, including Shane Byrne missing a penalty and Grant Shenton making a number of good saves.
First half stoppage time is a minimum of one minute.
Yellow card for Gary Roberts as he stops a Brackley attack. The visitors get too fancy from the free kick as Ndlovu tries a flick but Chester clear.
Shane Byrne steps up and shoots over the crossbar!
Brackley have a penalty as former Blue, Shep Murombedzi goes down under pressure from Craig Mahon. Shane Byrne has the ball in his hands.
Big chance for Brackley, as Carl Baker meets Shane Byrne's free kick, but the former Nuneaton man can't get his header on target.
Another bounce that goes Brackley's away, as a combination of Grand and Roberts can't get the ball away, it breaks to Ndlovu but Shenton is out quickly to make the save.
Better from Chester as they win a free kick, it's played down to Mahon, who turns past a couple and lays off Howson, who shoots well wide.
First off it's a fake and Waring rushes out, the re-take is then taken too quickly and goes in before the third time is blocked, Brackley are adamant there's a hand in there and Gareth Dean is spoken to by the referee.
Another good chance, corner to the back post is cleared off the line before an indirect free kick on the Blues six yard line.
Three corners in quick succession for the visitors. Chester struggling to clear their lines. Gareth Dean with a good header that forces another super save from Grant Shenton.
First chance of the game falls to Lee Ndlovu, as he gets in behind the Blues backline but Grant Shenton makes a big save.
Thank you for joining us for Day 2's game! If the rest of the tournament will be as entertaining as today's games, then the next month of football will be absolutely exhilarating. Please tune in to our coverage tomorrow, where France faces Australia, Argentina takes on Iceland, Peru plays Denmark, and Croatia finishes off the day against Nigeria.
A marquee matchup between Spain and Portugal lived up to the hype surrounding it. As predicted, Cristiano Ronaldo did what Cristiano Ronaldo does: score goals. He scored 3 today, including the spectacular free kick which brought the game level at 3. However, it was Spain's Nacho who scored a goal that will be in discussion for goal of the tournament. Spain looked like they were going to coast to a victory, but the two mistakes by De Gea and Pique will leave Spain disappointed. Spain will go on to play Iran and Portugal will play Morocco in their next matches on June 20th.
The final whistle blows at Fisht Olympic Stadium in an absolutely spectacular match, tied at 3-3
Ronaldo looks for his fourth but his header is blocked by the defender on the way through
Ricardo Quaresma dribbles past two defenders and unleashes a low drive which is blocked by Koke before getting to David De Gea.
Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal)
Cristiano Ronaldo steps up to take the free kick and curls it over the wall into the back of the net. David De Gea didn't even move. A silly foul by Gerard Pique led to the free kick.
Lucas Vazquez (on). David Silva (off). (Spain)
David Silva is being subbed off for Lucas Vazquez. David Silva set up Diego Costa's second goal, playing the initial ball into Sergio Busquets.
Iago Aspas has a go from outside the box but the ball travels right into the arms of Rui Patricio
Andre Silva (on). Goncalo Guedes (off). (Portugal)
Andre Silva comes on for Goncalo Guedes. Fernando Santos will hope that he is the answer Portugal are looking for to get a point out of this match.
Cristiano Ronaldo looks to chip David De Gea on the counter but is stuffed at the point of contact.
Iago Aspas (on). Diego Costa (off). (Spain)
Diego Costa comes out after scoring two goals and is replaced by Iago Aspas.
Ricardo Quaresma has an outside the foot shot that goes over the bar.
Portugal tries to equalize following a corner but no shots hit the target.
Diego Costa scuffs a shot wide of the post that Jordi Alba perfectly places in his path.
Thiago (on). Andres Iniesta (off). (Spain)
The Spanish legend Andres Iniesta is replaced by Bayern Munich's Thiago. Fernando Hierro will look for Thiago to provide fresh legs in the center of midfield.
Ricardo Quaresma (on). Bernardo Silva (off). (Portugal)
Bernardo Silva comes off for Ricardo Quaresma who will look to provide pass and width for the Portuguese side.
Joao Mario (on). Bruno Fernandes (off). (Portugal)
Joao Mario comes in for Bruno Fernandes. Fernando Santos will hope Joao Mario will find a way to spark Portugal's attack and find the equalizer.
Nacho scores an absolute screamer off the volley which no keeper in the world would be able to save. It followed a sequence which the ball squirted out of the Portugal defense and hit the post. Nacho's first international goal will be remembered for days to come and will be a contender for goal of the tournament.
Spain takes the lead for the first time, 3-2
Diego Costa. Assist by Sergio Busquets (Spain)
Diego Costa nets his second goal following a beautifully run free kick where David Silva found Sergio Busquets back post, who headed across the goal mouth where Diego Costa calmly tapped it in.
Spain equalize again at 2-2
Bruno Fernandes has an effort outside the box but misses wide right after winning the ball back from Andres Iniesta.
Gianluca Rocchi blows the whiste to start the second half. The teams have switched sides with Portugal now attack from left to right.
Portugal will be extremely happy at the half after taking the lead late against Spain. Portugal started off hot early, when Cristiano Ronaldo earned himself a penalty which he converted. Spain then took control for most of the first half with their elegant passing, leading to many goal scoring opportunities. However, their goal came from an amazing individual effort from Diego Costa, slotting it passed a diving Rui Patricio. Portugal retook the lead with a shot that will give David De Gea nightmares for weeks to come, as well as give fans flashback to Rob Green's blunder against the United States, when he fumbled the ball into his own net. Spain do have some positives, owning most of the possession but must do better dealing with Portugal's counter attacks. As for Portugal, the obvious thing to do is to give the ball to Ronaldo and let him do what he does.
Gianluca Rocchi blows the whistle following the corner to end an exciting first half from these two footballing giants.
Cristiano Ronaldo. Assist by Goncalo Guedes (Portugal)
Cristiano Ronaldo unleashes a strike with his left foot which David De Gea fumbles into the goal.
Portugal retakes the lead, 2-1
David Silva hits an outswinger from the corner and winds up on Sergio Busquets head near the penalty spot but misses the target.
The Spanish legend, Andres Iniesta looks for a goal but misses his shot wide. The play was beautifully set up by Spain's classic tiki-taka passing, with Jordi Alba on the cross.
David Silva has a go at goal from the free kick but can't get past the wall.
Bruno Fernandes (Portugal)
Bruno Fernandes earns a yellow card after a late tackle on Nacho.
Diego Costa (Spain)
Diego Costa shows a masterful display of patience to hold the ball past three Portuguese defenders and places in the bottom left corner of the goal. Portuguese players are mad after it appears the Costa hit Pepe in the throat.
Spain get the equaliser, 1-1
Andres Iniesta dribbles masterfully through Portugal's defense and sets up David Silva who hits it into the Portuguese defender and goes out of play for a corner
Cristiano Ronaldo steps up to take a free kick but puts it right into the wall with high velocity.
Sergio Busquets (Spain)
Sergio Busquets with the reckless challenge on Goncalo Guedes leads to him being the first player in the referees book.
David Silva hits a shot over the bar after Diego Costa sets it up for him for Spain's first real opportunity.
Penalty Kick - Goal - Cristiano Ronaldo (Portugal)
Three minutes in and Cristiano Ronaldo calmly puts away the penalty, sending David De Gea the wrong way.
Cristiano Ronaldo goes down in the box after being tripped by his Real Madrid teammate Nacho. A delay as the Video Assisted Referee confirms the penalty.
Gianluca Rocchi blows his whistle and we are underway in Sochi. Portugal wears all red and will attack from right to left in the first half. Spain wears their all white kit.
Today's match takes place at Fisht Olympic Stadium in Sochi. Originally constructed for the 2014 Winter Olympics, the 40,000 seat stadium was opened as a football stadium in 2016.
The Portugal versus Spain rivalry dates back to 1921. The series favors Spain who have won 18 matches, drawn 12, and lost 6 against Portugal. The last time these two football powerhouses met in the World Cup was in 2010 in the Round of 16, where David Villa scored a 63' winner, starting Spain's march to the World Cup title
Spain Substitutions: Kepa Arrizabalaga, Marco Asensio, Iago Aspas, Cesar Azpilicueta, Dani Carvajal, Nacho Monreal, Alvaro Odriozola, Pepe Reina, Rodrigo, Saul, Thiago, Lucas Vazquez
Spain (4-2-3-1): David De Gea; Nacho, Gerard Pique, Sergio Ramos, Jordi Alba; Sergio Busquets, Koke; David Silva, Isco, Andres Iniesta; Diego Costa; Fernando Hierro
Portugal Substitutions: Beto, Ruben Dias, Manuel Fernandes, Joao Mario, Anthony Lopes, Gelson Martins, Bruno Alves, Ricardo Pereira, Ricardo Quaresma, Mario Rui, Adrien Silva, Andre Silva
Portugal (4-2-3-1): Rui Patricio; Cedric, Pepe, Jose Fonte, Raphael Guerreiro; William Carvalho, Joao Moutinho; Bernardo Silva, Goncalo Guedes, Bruno Fernandes; Cristiano Ronaldo; Fernando Santos
Spain look to repeat their 2010 World Cup performance which they won, while trying to avoid their 2014 World Cup performance which they failed to make it out of the group stage. The big news coming out of the Spain camp is the firing of manager Julen Lopetegui on the eve of the start of the World Cup. Lopetegui did not lose a match while managing Spain. Spain players have rallied together, with Gerard Pique referencing the 1989 Michigan Wolverines basketball team, implying that they can win, even with the new manager.
The 2016 UEFA European Champions will look to make it out of the group stage after failing to do so in 2014. In what might be Cristiano Ronaldo's last World Cup, Ronaldo will be looking for glory. He will have help from an experienced defense, led by goalie Rui Patricio and stalwart center back Pepe, while Goncalo Guedes and Bernardo Silva will look to provide pace and support on the wings.
In what will be one of the marquee match ups in the group stages of the World Cup, we see Portugal face off against Spain in Group B. Kickoff is a little under an hour away so let's take a look at today's starting lineups and analyze the team news coming out of their respective base camps.
