One 5'7", the second with darker skin, both suspects armed with firearms, driving a Black Mercedes SUV.  Carjacked at 816 memorial drive at the gas station in Cambridge, Suspects are two middle eastern males, on is 5'7", second one with
darker skin, no description on clothing yet, ahh both are armed with firearms"

508, inaudible...supposedly he is saying inaudible...fled towards Harvard Square. I believe he also said one of the suspects went into the Shell Station and paid cash for gas, put gas in the car, before they fled and that was when the victim was able to get out of the vehicle

 Control:  they went into that gas station, paid cash for gas and then fled towards Harvard Square?

Yea, I believe they have video in that Shell station, I am with the victim and believe they have video in the station

Inaudible.... tow truck driver just inaudible

 Tango inaudible....Does the victim report the operator, that was operating the vehicle was armed with a firearm but he was unsure about the passenger

He said the operator of the vehicle displayed a firearm

shots fired, shots fired, one of our guys ........inaudible....requesting additional help 4 cruisers in route...inaudible....that way,.......you're right.......going to try to block them in the alley

 they are both armed with sidearm's - you said they paid cash at the Shell Station and fled towards Harvard Square

yea, but only but one firearm and only the driver displayed the firearm
_________________________________
copy, driver displayed the firearm, was he the darker or lighter skinned one who displayed the firearm?

inaudible.......slight facial hair.

Okay the second one is now armed with a firearm- darker skinned male, middle eastern, both are the same height as the first, both are 5'7" and the darker skinned male is armed with a firearm.

inaudible.....no that's okay I'll wait from here.

be advised they have left the back door open -  it's all set -

Charlie where is the car parked?

inaudible  ....you can add me to the board.  be advised - myself and the 609 will be partnered with MIT officers running calls through Cambridge -

Copy the 594 and 609 will be assisting MIT.

Is there an officer driving the 609 right now?

yes sir it's been assigned to MIT along with the inaudible.

what officer is in that vehicle - the 609?

it is the 532

yea 532 the weapon is not in the back of that vehicle,  repeat negative on that weapon system.

E4, E1, E2 be advised on the MIT shooting - The victim is stating the vehicle is heading possibly to New York City -involving that shooting at MIT  137 NZ1 Mercedes 350, possibly heading to New York and involving that shooting at MIT.

do you have an age on the suspects?

low to mid 20's

12:42:03 am - Okay - start heading over there - I'll let them know

car 5 to that unit we are in the Square if you want to jump in - I'm a I'm already
mobile with inaudible.

So 5 are heading over to Watertown as well - Car5?

12:42:21 am - Control You have notified Watertown right?

Affirmative

inaudible......water canister - its gonna be cigarettes, pretty big area - just smoldering.

are there any units with a water canister in their car?

ahh....the state police id'd  behind us  stolen vehicle at the same time on the TV they were explaining state police vehicles were leaving Mass General in a hurry.

226 thats not confirmed - I dont have visual of that - that just went by me.

All units we have shots fired from the vehicle in question in Cambridge, in the area of Dexter Ave in Watertown - all units will assist in Watertown.  That's Mt Auburn and Dexter Ave shots fired at officers trying to stop the vehicle.

All units Dexter and Mt Auburn - Shots fired in Watertown - shots fired in Watertown - all responding units use caution

Dexter and Laurel in Watertown.

inaudible.....major intersection streets.

Off Mt Auburn.

Sarg I know you are saying Mt Auburn but Mt Auburn is a large street.

 Okay I have it.
RESPONDING UNITS BEGIN CALLING IN
12:48 am throwing some type of explosives, grenades here - they are in between the houses.

shots fired! shots fired!  loud explosions loud explosions shots fired shots fired -

I can hear a grenade going off.

12:46:08 am I am being told one subject at Dexter and Laurel  is attempting to get back in vehicle and take off - 0ne subject, more shots fired

12:46:58 am -  Okay units Clear the air being told they are throwing explosives explosions of some sort grenades here - they are in between the  houses.

loud explosions loud explosions shots fired shots fired - can hear a grenade going off

this is the 5054 I am at Fairfield crossover

send in the Gold Cars, Gold Cars!

we have the Gold Cars in route to Watertown- that's to Dexter and Laurel

Goddamn Gold cars

were in route, we are on our way

To Adams and Watertown - I think they have stolen truck from state police

inaudible...did you go on up to...inaudible...this is all wild....I dont know, just play....

Give me a landmark, give me a landmark.......

SUV State Police 15

inaudible - 556 I am with the 534...we'll be dropping off there....

Control this is 17 I am going up Windsor and Broadway.

12:52 am - be advised shots being fired - stolen suv from State Police - that vehicle went down Adams Street from Mt Auburn - down Adams Street from Mt Auburn.

Any of you need an ambulance on Adams Street?


one
of the guys has inaudible.........

are you responding there 54?

111 Control: we are in the area of Laurel Street, we know the suspect is in the area, several units are here, the suspect is in the area, (out of breath) - several units here - will advise - we are at the corner of Hazel and Dexter.

Shots Fired! Shots Fired!  Officers pinned down 94 Spruce Street.  I need backup. 94 Spruce Street I need long guns.  I need long guns!

 Officers pinned down - Spruce and Lincoln and Spruce and Lincoln officers pinned down.  Floored the vehicle in the back yard - Spruce and Lincoln, Spruce and Lincoln officer was pinned down floored the car into the backyard .  Also be advised there are sticks of dynamite.

111 we have reports they have explosives here at the scene, explosives at the scene.

111 there is an officer down at Hazel and Dexter.

94 Spruce Street, I need long guns. 94 Spruce.

17 I am at  Broadway and Windsor - I am talking to a gentleman out here and he didn't hear any of that .

Do you have 2 suspects? or do we have a suspect out here on the point?

Sarg stand by - we are setting up a perimeter.

982, Patch it up with probably Watertown, yea Watertown for now -there is a report of second officer down, there is definitely hand grenades and automatic gunfire.

There should be many ambulances and State Police there in Watertown and Cambridge

Spruce& Lincoln - turn right after go past the mall and it should be there on your right.

14 we are being ordered back by the police.

Maintain a safe distance do you copy?

14 we are being advised we are being told the injured police officer has been transported to the hospital and they may have a suspect who may be injured - there may be explosive devices on scene we are being ordered back.

All units retreat retreat - All units retreat retreat -

the location of the incident is Dexter and Laurel we are being ordered back

minimize radio traffic, lets go to a safe location -advise when you are their - maintain a safe perimeter

we are getting word there is a suspect on foot at inaudible and Laurel

I am making way on foot to Spruce.  I think I am pretty close.

We are getting reports one of those suspects is on foot at Appleton and Laurel, Appleton and Laurel

We need long guns up there.

Ray where are you?

1181 I am at Spruce and Lincoln

CP Can we see if there are any plain clothes here in this perimeter and have them not walk into the backyards here

All plain clothes officers on return to the road and maintain perimeter -return to the roads do not go into backyards, do not go walking in backyards.

We have the suspect vehicle, the Mercedes at Lincoln and Spruce - unknown if anyone is attached

 13, CP I am on foot in the backyards between Dexter and Laurel.

We could use troopers here at Lincoln street, I don't know if that's been covered yet - I would  partner up. I would not go out alone.

inaudible.....Setting up a perimeter from Arsenal, School, Mt Auburn

we need a description of the party at large -a description of the party at large? please give it out

do we still have .......inaudible...........

bravo 111 we have Brookline here, FBI as well.

its off on Spruce but we could not advance the vehicle

asking everyone to switch over to channel 1

that vehicle is being taken out at gun point, so far he is complying

Bomb squad to CP I'm off at 547 at Mt Auburn for that package in the roadway

Station H we are at 98 Spruce we need to expand the perimeter in 4 directions from 98 Spruce - all police officers coming in  a three block radius from 98 Spruce start working that with interagency's.  We have enough help up here we need everything from 98 Spruce 2 blocks deep for now and expanding.

inaudible.....requesting Mt Auburn Street, Arsenal Street and School Street.

Okay once we complete those 2 blocks - expand it two more blocks from those areas.  okay - we have plenty of police officers lets start using them - from 98 Spruce, first 2 blocks then 4 blocks.

Sir this might be a dumb question - will any of our cell phones inadvertently set off these er ahh unexploded ordinances?  should we shut them off at distance or leave them in our cruisers.

It is possible for the cell phones to set off the devices.

Control can you make an announcement for people to leave them in their cruiser.

CP received - all units in the area power down all cell phones for fear of explosions.

inaudible....we have multiple locations of devices, can we please have someone

inaudible.....locations, so we can deploy our assets, please.

we have a robot at Upland and Mt Auburn - we need to know where the second device is - I believe it is somewhere near where the second officer is down.

inaudible.....we have a package on the ground at Mt Auburn - 543 Mt. Auburn.

All units will stay away from suspect vehicle until......inaudible ......goes in.

we need a description of the party at large -a description of the party at large? please give it out

is the black pickup still outstanding

inaudible.......at 144 Dexter Ave and Laurel Street

 we are on our way to the hospital "they got one of them suspects coming in to Beth Israel"

Can you confirm that they have the suspect vehicle in the area - yes or no.

We still have it in the area of Spruce.

do we still have inaudible............

bravo 111 we have Brookline here, FBI as well.

its off on Spruce but we could not advance the vehicle

asking everyone to switch over to channel 1

inaudible.....confirm for me, I am here with several departments - we are trying to find out - are we going through the yards or do they have both of them?

The last update we have  - two suspects one in custody one down on the ground not in custody yet, - the locations we have are - Mt Auburn at Dexter/Upland and then Dexter at Laurel.

Okay - call Watertown call Watertown and get confirmation - I will stay on 2

Be advised Watertown in not answering their phones right now - we'll keep trying

we are asking everyone to switch over to channel 1.

inaudible ...I dont know if you have this yet, we are getting word of an officer missing - officer missing on Spruce Street.

We got him - We have him over her BPU....

Let Watertown know several units are with me here at Dartmouth street with long rifles - yea if anyone can confirm - that car that took off  - do they have both SP's or do we have the SP's out here on the point.

Setting up a perimeter on Cypress Street.

Officers requesting directions.

17 officer hurt. yea Brandon why don't you head over there - hey go over Officer checked out Central Square nothing is happening over there.
 Squad 2 144 Dexter Ave - Officer down.
Can you notify Squad 4
Squad 4 is responding to Dexter Ave Watertown.  lets us know what's going - we have a bunch of officers here at Dartmouth Street, let us know what you want?  Control I don't know if you have it, one suspect down on Laurel Street - EMS on site- in custody - still looking for another in the yards

19 do you copy?

yea , can you tell me how to get to Laurel from Dartmouth?

Sarg come up Dexter from Mt Auburn its a few blocks we are on your left
 inaudible need you to get down here with the guns guns, long guns !  (BACK AWAY! background)

531 Location?
 Has to be Dexter and Mt Auburn...yes Dexter and Mt Auburn.

Squad 2 - just want to give you an update, at 144 Dexter - there are two
victims at that location one SP and one officer

Squad 4 has the update.

all right cuz we are at Spruce and were looking at one here - can you confirm that

can you confirm

negative

not till we have him on the ground.

do we have confirmation that there is a second party?  there is a second party on the ground, in custody at Laurel Street with EMSControl still waiting for that..... be advised we have him on the ground waiting for a robotis there still something on Spruwe have units off on Spruce, do we have a perimeter? do we have a suspect at Spruce If you have two there we need to know

I can only get confirmation of the one at Dexter and Mt Auburn.
521, There's two, one on the ground on Upland Street at Mt Auburn and the one at 526 Mt Auburn..Two in custody
(officer at Spruce)  19 are you giving me a confirmation and that both have been apprehended?

19, I am looking at the two right now - I am looking at the one a
526 Mt Auburn and the one at Upland and Mt. Auburn(officer at Spruce) correct and there definitely the suspects?

I don't know who this second person is at 526 Mt Auburn

Be advised units power down cell phones immediately - All units power down cell phones immediately - they may detonate explosives.

we have not confirmation of the second party at Mt Auburn - what the relation is

Control, the suspect vehicle is on Spruce - the suspect vehicle is on Spruce.

(officer at Spruce ) 19, ahh you have a math problem here,  Do you have 1 or 2 SP's in custody?  Do you know?

19, I don't know - I gotten word that there's one at Upland and Mt. Auburn in custody, I've gotten word there's another one at Dexter and Laurel - fallen down waiting for EMS - the second party is not out of his ....inaudible

521, All non Cambridge units we have two suspects in custody - one at Dexter and Laurel and one at Mt Auburn and Upland.  Two suspects are in custody.

be advised ours is not in custody - he is down on the ground, he is at gunpoint, he is not in custody.  He is not in custody yet.
